all right
um hello everyone i'm
really happy to be here i wish i could
have seen everyone in person
um but well my name is johanna
i work at a swedish sas company called
detectify
where i'm building a community of
ethical hackers
and leveraging their knowledge to make
the internet more
secure today i will tell you more about
how
you uh should care about security beyond
the basic things like firewalls uh
and really regardless of what size or
stage you're in as a company
uh and maybe more importantly actually
what you should do
what you should be doing right now uh to
allow
ethical hackers to help you with your
security
yeah so this statement uh
was said already eight years back i
think
by an fbi director uh slightly modified
though so
he said there are two types of companies
uh there are those that have been hacked
and those that
will be hacked i would like to modify
this slightly and say that you know
there are two types of companies it's
those that have been hacked and those
that haven't hacked but don't
know about it the thing is
hacking is not personal it is often not
targeted
to one organization and it is very often
automated so this means it doesn't
really matter if you're a
10 person company a startup or
like a sas unicorn this is something you
need to be thinking about
either way so as a sas company of any
size really the question is
you know not whether this is an issue uh
it's rather how you choose to handle it
detectify is founded on the basis that
there will always be more knowledge
about security
outside your company than on the inside
there are a few few factors contributing
to this
one of those is that security knowledge
today is concentrated to a
very few number of individuals
for example there is a huge shortage of
cyber security skill
uh that is big already today but also
growing a lot
and what i also see is there are very
few
people on different hacking platforms
that
contribute with the absolute majority of
the value
and given that the knowledge and the
skill is concentrated to very few people
this really means that you won't be able
to hire them all
the big unicorns maybe are the ones that
can attract these people
uh to hire them full time like maybe
spotify salesforce netflix
but even if they do and even if you
could
there will always be someone outside
your company
looking at you in a different way and
thinking in a new and creative way that
you have not considered
before so relying on internal knowledge
will simply not be enough
um so who are these people that sits on
this knowledge
well so detective i was founded by
ethical hackers
and an ethical hacker is basically a
person who enjoys the intellectual
challenge
of breaking something um you can think
of it like you know a mechanical
engineer who would enjoy you know
picking an engine apart to really
understand
how it's built
the ethical and hacker here refers to
you know doing
this hacking with good intent and with
no like malicious
plans and actually doing it to help
companies become safer
if you look at these people they're
typically also quite young
um we have an example like karim for
example
he hacked spotify at the age of 13.
another reason for why you cannot
necessarily hire all those people into
your company directly
so at detectify these hackers are our
allies
we work with hackers to channel the
knowledge of the few
and spread it to the masses what i do
is i build a hacker community we have
about 250 hackers right now
and we take in their knowledge we
automate their knowledge
and then we spread it to as many
companies as possible
so this is based off the the assumption
that you know
we leverage the knowledge of the few and
then we can
spread it to to many companies to help
them become safer
uh so this is i mean how we as a
security company
work with hackers but what can you do uh
not everyone works with security aster
day-to-day
thing and this might not be your no
highest
on highest on your priority
um so the first thing you need to do is
to care about it at all
uh but the second thing i would urge you
to do is to open up for the hackers and
let them help you let the good
hackers help you and let them in and
this is
three concrete tips on how you can go
about doing that
some of these tips being extremely
actually easy
and not costing very much to do
something that you should basically do
be doing right now
the first thing i would like you to do
is to do
the bare minimum the bare minimum
in this case is to have a responsible
disclosure
and a responsible disclosure means you
give
the hacker an opportunity to report
bugs to you without being afraid
of the legal consequences
what happens is when a hacker inevitably
finds
something on your website and they don't
have malicious intent with finding that
they will look for a way to contact you
uh they will also look for an approval
to do so
or like an indication that you kind of
welcome that information
if they can't find any contacts specific
to this or any explicit approval
they might not say anything to you or
that even worse they might you know
spread the information to the public
because they consider
it important for the public to know
about this vulnerability
in a report for example made by hacker
one which is one of the
big hacker platforms over 60 of hackers
say that they have found vulnerabilities
but left them
unreported because they have either not
found anywhere to send it
or they've been afraid of the legal
consequences
so what is it that you should do well
you should give them
a way to report it three things
um you gave them some guidelines
including at least the scope
so what's on your website are they
allowed to touch
and what do they need to stay away from
secondly you give them a channel to
report
vulnerabilities through it's as simple
as an email address
and usually security at company.com
or like disclosure at company.com
for example third thing
uh you give them you could give them a
safe harbor
so you say if you report things to us
according to these guidelines in good
faith
you will not be unduly penalized for it
and doing this will allow hackers to
send things to you
and it's really minimum efforts it's
basically creating an email
and security.txt
part of your website it can give you a
lot but it costs
little to nothing hackers don't expect
that much
back necessarily so you can
for example put their name in in a
leaderboard or hall of fame
uh two examples here of github and and
google doing this
and these companies also pay out money
for for
when hacker finds bugs but you don't
have to do that
you can simply give them recognition
thank you
something like that as a token of
appreciation
the second thing i would like you to do
is to think like a hacker and
automate your security
the fact is that we are all here
building
our products off the same technologies
and in many cases actually
the same code i mean stack overflow
so only looking at detectify's customer
base
we see thousands of customer assets
using the same
technologies and hackers will naturally
try
to test and break the security of those
technologies
so this means that you know there are
widely applicable bugs
in technologies that affects all of us
these bugs can seem you know harmless in
isolation
but they can actually do a lot of damage
for example look at one of the biggest
hacks in modern times
or in recent times equifax where
150 million americans
their personal information was exposed
um
this hack was based on on a remote code
execution
and apache struts so a commonly used
system
this bug had been known and fixed
by apache for several months
and this is not unusual i would say
um because and for this reason you know
hackers they love
to automate stuff um
they don't necessarily like if you're
not a government or
tech giant they're not going to target
you specifically or they
they might but likely you know less
likely
um more often than not they build their
attacks on
old vulnerabilities in common
technologies
that have been known for you know a
while or
it could be months or sometimes years
some malicious hackers look specifically
for
fixes of bugs coming out in common
systems and kind of scrape the internet
and look for companies
that use these systems but haven't
updated yet
that are then vulnerable
also automation will help you you know
with your development process because
how teams works today
i mean constantly deploying new code
every day
um you need to keep the speed up um
so you need to continuously test your
code as it comes out
and i know speed is one of the most
important things
for everyone in this virtual room
so automating will help you to be secure
but maintaining
your speed of building your products
if you for example use a web
vulnerability scanner with
active exploits you would be able to
know when you're affected by these types
of
vulnerabilities
the third thing uh you can do is
to not just wait around for the good
ones
to hack you before the bad ones do but
to actually
uh incentivize ethical hackers to hack
you
more creatively that could be
through giveaways like stickers t-shirts
swag and stuff
but also of course money so you can pay
out money for different
levels of bugs everything from 50 to
actually higher than this i've seen 30
000 for certain very specific
vulnerabilities
but this is not something you should do
unless you have the basics in place
uh so have you automated and eliminated
the widely applicable bugs
do you have the capacity to respond
quickly to
hackers reporting to you and you have
the capacity to fix things in a
reasonable time
so this is something that i would do as
a future
step and that almost all of the tech
unicorns
are working with um
so if i want you to live with one thing
uh today well it's don't be the company
that are being hacked but doesn't know
about it
uh at the very least make sure you have
a responsible disclosure policy and that
you have the door
open to the hackers
make sure you automate away the widely
applicable bugs
or the coding errors that we all do
to have a vulnerability is not
necessarily the end of the world
but to have a vulnerability and no way
to report it
is really bad so
hackers are your allies too invite them
leverage their knowledge and let's bring
safer products to markets
together thank you